Microsoft (R) Visual C# Compiler version 4.6.1038.0
for C# 5
Copyright (C) Microsoft Corporation. All rights reserved.

This compiler is provided as part of the Microsoft (R) .NET Framework, but only supports language versions up to C# 5, which is no longer the latest version. For compilers that support newer versions of the C# programming language, see http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=533240

slidedemo.cs(19,29): error CS1513: } expected
slidedemo.cs(22,38): error CS1519: Invalid token '(' in class, struct, or interface member declaration
slidedemo.cs(22,86): error CS1519: Invalid token ',' in class, struct, or interface member declaration
slidedemo.cs(22,123): error CS1519: Invalid token ',' in class, struct, or interface member declaration
slidedemo.cs(22,168): error CS1519: Invalid token ',' in class, struct, or interface member declaration
slidedemo.cs(22,211): error CS1519: Invalid token ',' in class, struct, or interface member declaration
slidedemo.cs(22,265): error CS1519: Invalid token ')' in class, struct, or interface member declaration
slidedemo.cs(23,38): error CS1519: Invalid token '(' in class, struct, or interface member declaration
slidedemo.cs(23,86): error CS1519: Invalid token ',' in class, struct, or interface member declaration
slidedemo.cs(23,121): error CS1519: Invalid token ',' in class, struct, or interface member declaration
slidedemo.cs(23,166): error CS1519: Invalid token ',' in class, struct, or interface member declaration
slidedemo.cs(23,209): error CS1519: Invalid token ',' in class, struct, or interface member declaration
slidedemo.cs(23,263): error CS1519: Invalid token ')' in class, struct, or interface member declaration
slidedemo.cs(24,34): error CS1519: Invalid token ')' in class, struct, or interface member declaration
slidedemo.cs(25,15): error CS1519: Invalid token '=' in class, struct, or interface member declaration
slidedemo.cs(27,1): error CS1519: Invalid token 'else' in class, struct, or interface member declaration
slidedemo.cs(28,36): error CS1519: Invalid token ')' in class, struct, or interface member declaration
slidedemo.cs(29,15): error CS1519: Invalid token '=' in class, struct, or interface member declaration
slidedemo.cs(31,1): error CS1022: Type or namespace definition, or end-of-file expected
slidedemo.cs(32,1): error CS0116: A namespace cannot directly contain members such as fields or methods
slidedemo.cs(38,1): error CS1022: Type or namespace definition, or end-of-file expected
